@@ Title=Episode 29: Elon Musk
@@ Date=How Do You Feel About That? · 17 JULY 2018
@@ Link=http://feelspodcast.com/29

New episode of *How Do You Feel About That?* posted today:

>Andrew and Myah discuss Elon Musk, whether they'd go to Mars, self-driving cars, and the possibility of living in a computer simulation.
>
><iframe frameborder='0' height='200px' scrolling='no' seamless src='https://embed.simplecast.com/b386cc19?color=f5f5f5' width='100%'></iframe>

I'm pretty happy with how this one turned out. Various thoughts:

* **Remote Recording:** Myah and I have traditionally recorded in the same room and it's nice to be able to talk while looking at eachother in the eye. As a result, however, it's more difficult to make the episode sound good. Our microphones pick up eachother's voices making it sound echo-y. This week, we recorded remotely over Facetime, both recording our isolated voices. As a result, editing the episode was much easier and the end result sounded much clearer. There's still room for improvement, but this was definitely our best-sounding episode yet.

* **Volume:** I have never known how loud to produce the podcast. When editing, I can amplify the recording to be anything I want. While I tried to match other podcasts by ear, it never felt quite right. I spent some time last week doing research on this and found that (unsurprisingly) I'm not the first person to encounter this problem. There is a set of [loudness conventions](https://transom.org/2016/podcasting-basics-part-5-loudness-podcasts-vs-radio/) for podcasting that I followed and I'm pleased with the result.

* **Structure:** In this episode, I like how our conversation seems to naturally flow from one topic to the next. In the past, we have recorded each episode with differing levels of preparation and structure. I believe that an overly-detailed outline can interfere with some of the spontaneous conversation that is so fun about podcasting. At the same time, I think some of our past episodes have suffered from a lack of organization and clarity as we aimlessly meander from one topic to the next. I think we struck a good balance this time.

* **Room for Improvement---Contributing a new Idea:** Editing the podcast can be difficult because I can't help but focus on my flaws. There are many things I'd like to improve on (excessive use of filler words and talking too fast, just to name a few), but the main one that stuck out this episode was that I lacked a coherent idea or thesis statement. The podcasts that I believe to be truly great are not just a conversation, but a dialogue that supports a new and novel idea. What unique ideas did I promote by talking about Elon Musk? I somewhat supported my notion that "The way people feel about Elon Musk is the way they feel about tech in general" but if I were to be completely honest, I didn't develop that idea very well, nor is it all *that* intelligent, really. <br> <br> If I were to redo the episode, I think I would try to focus our conversation around the following thesis: "Despite some personality quirks, I feel Elon Musk represents a sense of boundless optimism in our country. His entire career revolves around a relentless pursuit to improve things, tackling the most difficult and thorny problems we face. Everyone wants these problems to be addressed, and Elon Musk has *just enough* credibility in execution for people to take him seriously. It's logical to be cynical about his intentions or his execution, but for the optimists, however irrational they may be, Elon Musk is a beacon of hope that difficult problems can be solved. After our conversation, Myah and I both seem to be in the optimist camp, which sheds light on who we are as people."<br><br> Easier typed than said, but that's the fun challenge of podcasting. 😀
